README.md, before:

# ethz-hack-24 - Normal forms for $T$ Gate Optimisation
 ETH Quantum Hackathon 2024 with Quantinuum

 Join our slack channel for community discussion and support

 [![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://tketusers.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-18qmsamj9-UqQFVdkRzxnXCcKtcarLRA#)


## When you are ready to begin

* One member of the team should fork this repository and share the URL with team members. 
* When the challenge begins you will get an email inviting you to set up an account on the Quantinuum Nexus website.
* Follow the instructions on the invite email and visit [https://nexus.quantinuum.com](https://nexus.quantinuum.com). 
* Once you've logged in, click on the burger menu in the top left corner and select 'Lab'.
* Select 'Start' to boot up your hosted workspace.
* Once in the workspace, click on the Git icon in the left-most panel and clone your team's forked repo using the URL from above.
* Run through the Quantinuum Nexus tutorial in [start_here_nexus_tutorial.ipynb](https://github.com/CQCL/ETHZ-HACK-2024/start_here_nexus_tutorial.ipynb) to get started with the Quantinuum Nexus platform.
* Run through the challenge tutorial in [problemsheet.ipynb](https://github.com/CQCL/ETHZ-HACK-2024/problemsheet.ipynb) for the challenge statement and some relevant background.
* When you are ready to submit your project, send a link to your fork of this repository in the slack or with the organisers before the time limit.

Commit message:

Add link for Email form in Readme

README.md, after:

# ethz-hack-24 - Normal forms for $T$ Gate Optimisation
 ETH Quantum Hackathon 2024 with Quantinuum

 Join our slack channel for community discussion and support

 [![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-4A154B?style=for-the-badge&logo=slack&logoColor=white)](https://tketusers.slack.com/join/shared_invite/zt-18qmsamj9-UqQFVdkRzxnXCcKtcarLRA#)


## FIRST: give us your email

-> Fill in [this form](https://forms.office.com/r/MGCB3bTxEm). As soon as we have your email address we will send you an invitation to join the Nexus cloud environment.


## When you are ready to begin

* One member of the team should fork this repository and share the URL with team members. 
* When the challenge begins you will get an email inviting you to set up an account on the Quantinuum Nexus website.
* Follow the instructions on the invite email and visit [https://nexus.quantinuum.com](https://nexus.quantinuum.com). 
* Once you've logged in, click on the burger menu in the top left corner and select 'Lab'.
* Select 'Start' to boot up your hosted workspace.
* Once in the workspace, click on the Git icon in the left-most panel and clone your team's forked repo using the URL from above.
* Run through the Quantinuum Nexus tutorial in [start_here_nexus_tutorial.ipynb](https://github.com/CQCL/ETHZ-HACK-2024/start_here_nexus_tutorial.ipynb) to get started with the Quantinuum Nexus platform.
* Run through the challenge tutorial in [problemsheet.ipynb](https://github.com/CQCL/ETHZ-HACK-2024/problemsheet.ipynb) for the challenge statement and some relevant background.
* When you are ready to submit your project, send a link to your fork of this repository in the slack or with the organisers before the time limit.
